I don't remember.
Maybe where I used to work part-time.
Have you met by chance?
Okay, maybe I'm overthinking it.
Could you please fetch the cake for me?
Ok wait a minute
Hello husband, come to the hospital
Xiaobao suddenly had a high fever and kept entering the emergency room
Don't worry.
I'll be right there.
Hello Lu Family Seventh Young Master
I heard that your medical skills are excellent
Please save my son
Xiaobao only has a high fever caused by gastroenteritis
Just follow this prescription for three volts a day
Thank you, Dr. Lu
It's okay, you helped us get our sister back.
I should help with this little thing
With this prescription, Xiaobao's disease can be cured
What!